Custom Prompts via YAML (#37)
manubot/manubot-ai-editor: docs/custom-prompts.md

For example, say you had three files, `02.prior-work.md`, `02.methods.md`, and `02.results.md`. To match all of these, you could use the expression `^02\..*\.md$`.
This would match any file beginning with `02.` and ending with `.md`.
Here, `.` again indicates "any character" and the `*` means "zero or more of the preceding character; together, they match any sequence of characters.

You can find more information on how to write regular expressions in [Python's `re` module documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html#regular-expression-syntax).

### Placeholders

The prompt text can include metadata from your manuscript, specified in `content/metadata.yaml` in Manubot. Writing
`{placeholder}` into your prompt text will cause it to be replaced with the corresponding value, drawn either
from the manuscript metadata or from the current file/paragraph being revised.

The following placeholders are available:
- `{title}`: the title of the manuscript, as defined in the metadata
- `{keywords}`: comma-delimited keywords from the manuscript metadata
- `{paragraph_text}`: the text from the current paragraph

> - `{section_name}`: the name of the section (e.g., "introduction", "conclusion"), derived from the filename*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{section_name}`: the name of the section (which is one of the following values "abstract",  "introduction", "results", "discussion", "conclusions", "methods" or "supplementary material"), derived from the filename*
```

> *(\* The mechanism that produces `section_name` is out of the scope of this document, but you can find the implementation in [editor.py](https://github.com/falquaddoomi/manubot-ai-editor/blob/issue-31-customprompts-yaml/libs/manubot_ai_editor/editor.py#L178-L211))*

Author: I committed your suggestion, thanks for that. Regarding the link, I linked to my PR (which is in my personal repo) because once this gets merged the line references will be out of date. I think what I'm going to do instead is just describe the mechanism by which it's resolved here, since it's not all that complicated, and just forego linking to the source.
